# 2024-01-13 Meeting

## Attendance

Philip Lee, Anant Prakash, Nida Nasir, Monica Bazina-Grolinger, Farzan Yazdanjou

## Notes
- Discussed what we should include in our design document
- Separated work for the design document
- Discussed how we should create tickets for the back-end work
- Updated Paul after the meeting